samples: lwm2m_client: Enable Proprietary PSM mode. (#12504)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/lwm2m_client/sample_description.rst

* :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` - Enables experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
* :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` - Enables DTLS Connection Identifier.
  This requires modem firmware version 1.3.5 or newer.
* :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.con` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.

>    Proprietary PSM is only supported with modem version 2.x version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Proprietary PSM is only supported with modem firmware v2.x.
```
